[SDK-3821] React beta quickstart (#10188)
auth0/docs: articles/quickstart/spa/react-beta/01-login.md

:::

## Add Login to Your Application

The Auth0 React SDK gives you tools to quickly implement user authentication in your React application, such as creating a [login](https://auth0.com/docs/login) button using the `loginWithRedirect()` method from the `useAuth0()` hook. Executing `loginWithRedirect()` redirects your users to the Auth0 Universal Login Page, where Auth0 can authenticate them. Upon successful authentication, Auth0 will redirect your users back to your application.

```javascript
import React from "react";
import { useAuth0 } from "@auth0/auth0-react";

const LoginButton = () => {
  const { loginWithRedirect } = useAuth0();

  return <button onClick={() => loginWithRedirect()}>Log In</button>;
};

export default LoginButton;
```

<%= include('../../_includes/_auth0-react-classes-info.md') %>

:::panel Checkpoint
Add the `LoginButton` component to your application. When you click it, verify that your React application redirects you to the [Auth0 Universal Login](https://auth0.com/universal-login) page and that you can now log in or sign up using a username and password or a social provider.

> Once that's complete, verify that Auth0 redirects you to your application using the value of the `authorizationParams.redirectUri` that you used to configure the `Auth0Provider`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once that's complete, verify that Auth0 redirects you to your application using the value of the `authorizationParams.redirect_uri` that you used to configure the `Auth0Provider`.
```
